Update adding features (#6719)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: toolchain/docs/adding_features.md

### Typed parse node metadata implementation

The key file structure is:

```mermaid
graph TD
    subgraph common
        EnumBase["enum_base.h"]
    end

    subgraph parse
        NodeKindDef["node_kind.def"]
        NodeKind["node_kind.h"]
        NodeIds["node_ids.h"]
        TypedNodes["typed_nodes.h"]
        NodeKindCpp["node_kind.cpp"]
        Tree["tree.h"]
        TreeAndSubtrees["tree_and_subtrees.h"]
        Extract["extract.cpp"]
    end

>     EnumBase --> NodeKind

Reviewer: It looks like you've reversed the direction of the arrows, from "depends on" to "is depended on by". I find the former more intuitive, and I think that's likely to be true for most readers, because it corresponds to how dependencies are represented in the source code.

Author: Done.

Note, I assume you use light mode -- the current graph is completely unreadable in dark mode.

-   [parse/node_kind.cpp](/toolchain/parse/node_kind.cpp) includes both
    [parse/node_kind.h](/toolchain/parse/node_kind.h) and
    [parse/typed_nodes.h](/toolchain/parse/typed_nodes.h).

    -   Using the macro from [common/enum_base.h](/common/enum_base.h), the
        enumerants of `NodeKind` are _defined_ using the list of parse node
        kinds from [parse/node_kind.def](/toolchain/parse/node_kind.def) (using

>         [the .def file idiom](idioms.md#def-files)).

Reviewer: This sentence is pretty hard to parse, especially with three uses of "using". How about something like this?

```suggestion
    -   The enumerants of `NodeKind` that were declared in parse/node_kind.h are _defined_, 
       again using the macro from [common/enum_base.h](/common/enum_base.h) and the
       list of node kinds in [parse/node_kind.def](/toolchain/parse/node_kind.def).
```

(I'd prefer not to italicize "defined", and to use the standard term "enumerator" rather than "enumerant", but those are minor issues and may be out of scope.)

        [parse/node_kind.def](/toolchain/parse/node_kind.def).

-   [parse/tree.h](/toolchain/parse/tree.h) includes
    [parse/node_ids.h](/toolchain/parse/node_ids.h).

    -   `Tree` is the parse tree. It is a node-based tree where each node has a
        kind, a token, and a list of children. It has basic iterator support,
        sufficient for checking tree structure.

-   [parse/tree_and_subtrees.h](/toolchain/parse/tree_and_subtrees.h) includes
    [parse/tree.h](/toolchain/parse/tree.h).

    -   `TreeAndSubtrees` is separate from `Tree` because we try to avoid
        building subtrees when compiling valid code. It builds subtree
        information that can be helpful for diagnostics and other tooling.

>     -   Defines `TreeAndSubtrees::Extract`... functions that take a node id and

Reviewer: This may be out of scope as a pre-existing issue, but when this list switches back and forth from complete sentences to fragments with a missing subject, it gets hard to keep track of what the implied subject is.

Author: I'm fixing incorrect information, but TBH I find it a bit confusing why it documents things like `InstLikeTypeInfo`, which I think typically doesn't come up. I would prefer phrasing of things like that be left out-of-scope.

needed.

Instructions won't be given a name unless
[`InstNamer`](/toolchain/sem_ir/inst_namer.cpp) traverses the `InstBlockId` they
are a member of. To accomplish this, `InstNamer` starts at each of constants,
imports, and the file scope blocks. It then recursively traverses instructions
those contain, blocks referenced by those instructions, and so on. Instructions

> must be "owned" by exactly one of the traversely recursed blocks to be correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must be "owned" by exactly one of the recursively traversed blocks to be correctly
```
